
20240616
---

x show the date, next to each entry

x fix bug, can't accept goal # (str vs int?)

x make the dev mysql db persistent

x make backend return all days, order by recent

x improve dev exp. edit files locally and it goes to react app

x cron job - how? and do the copy to next day at midnight
    INSERT INTO DailyTodos (user_id, title, type, date, status, goal, created_at, updated_at)
    SELECT user_id, title, type, '2024-06-18', 0, goal, NOW(), NOW()
    FROM DailyTodos
    WHERE date = '2024-06-17';

x set timezone on database/golang so times are what i want
    save in db per user. 

x typography styling 
---

x style the todos
    x shift the day to outside todos, so todos box can be centered

---

x yes/no - change it to quantity goal 1. makes everything the same and simple
    x remove db column for type

x NEXT FRIDAY JUN 21 - make the preview look exactly like the todo would look like. so the user understands what they are adding. then they can edit/submit
x change UI to do that too. default 1 check box. or allow multiple checkboxes in a select dropdown
    x how many checkboxes do you want for this todo?
        1
        12

        input field: eat breakfast
        select dropdown, 1 checkboxes

style of the form
    disable button if fields not filled in

---
enter your mission goals vision
    save to db. save to files, and send to ai

bg info - why each todo is relevant to your goals, mission, vision
    ai can use this

enter notes next to todo items, like oh flying day couldn't hit gym. eid day couldn't do gym. etc

every user gets their own ai agent
    ai encouragement daily
    send you cool youtube videos - of people like kobe
    enforce your vision
    great job 7 day streak
    tune ai to be useful
    ai reads your mission, goals, why each item is important to you/your mission. sees your progress (has tools to fetch your history, he can search any day of the past to see what you've done)
        youtube api app to find you cool videos relevant to you

    ai suggests new todos for you. whatever daily habits it thinks will help you achieve your mission in life.

daily journal - enter text. ai uses that too.

---

edit todos - like change meds 1 to quantity with goal 3
    only current day

---

show timezone on UI, and let user change timezone

can update yday, but not before yday

---

allow user to reorder their todo list as they like, save that state and keep it on copy

reflect on the day - good, could improve upon. what are you grateful for.
    it's time to reflect
    ai turns off your laptop lol, and you have to reflect
    ai runs your life, but you tell it how to run your life, and you also achieve all your goals. and you can always tell it to stop today. go to sleep ai, we'll pick it up another day
        every half hour
        less emotional human decisions. robotic ai sets the intention for each half hour, you just execute
            and allow for breaks. and allow for unexpected things, surprises, etc

morning - how was your sleep?
    6 hr straight, deep
    enema last night, and kinda diareah stomach discomfort 2-3 hrs after dinner

hello raza greeting, it's 10:51pm. for any time related things, show a message. close your laptop in 10 min :)
    every time you hit the site, AI has something for you :D
        knows your goals, knows your past days activities, knows your actions today
        has memory of notable events, and references them

labels for each todo 0 / 1, 3 / 12
    color code 1 / 1 is green. 0 / 1 red. 2 / 3 yellow. etc.
        only for current day
---
next / previous. pagination.

infinite scroll?

specific url for any date, can immediately go back.

specific url for any date/date range

---
make it look good, work good

hook up ai

deploy to prod 

    put secrets in github secrets
        fetch from there too

    mysql db
    golang app
    python app
    react app/css

    aws 
        aws lambda?

    github actions

    deploy to qa

add user signup/login

add public viewing of my daily todos and what ai said to me. so save ai stuff to my db. we can surface w/o making api call
    convo history is with open ai?
    can share public url with skool
    allow skool to add daily todos as a sandbox user save by cookie, that's a user

---
my life's mission is to do creative work 6 hours a day and live healthy forever
    put that at the top of your todo page
