
20240629
---

    x make ai text column wider

    x format the markdown

    python save full response to db. react fetch from db, unless it's a new day, then generate a new message
        react hit python if new day, else hit golang to get most recent saved message
        make it not save newlines after every word, save clean text
        make it save emojis correctly, not ? ? ?

    edit mode - click edit link and a modal comes up. edit title, description for AI, # times per day goal. preview area. submit/cancel

    allow drag n drop re-order

    break 14 dd into 3 hours raza coding personal projects
        4 hours focused dd work 
        get 1hr 1st thing in the morning.
        get 1hr dd before noon
        get 1hr raza coding afternoon/night before 10pm

    make it so others can set it up from scratch and use it locally from their docker
        create user - raza
        save your mission
        set open ai api key
        create assistant, save the assistant id (db might be better place)
        start adding todos and enjoy!

    share on skool. people will like this hist

    share on youtube. walkthrough the code, and how people can get it working locally

    dailytodos.ai
    dailytodo.ai
---

    user-mission, return most recent 7 days of ai encouragement, so ai know what it said before and can come up w new shit

    concept of "finalize" previous day
        before ai get's today's message it asks you to make final edits to previous day and submit
            reflect on previous day. what you did good. what could be better. any speciali notes you have on the day. final edit of checkboxes, submit. then you get new AI message for today :)

20240616
---

x show the date, next to each entry

x fix bug, can't accept goal # (str vs int?)

x make the dev mysql db persistent

x make backend return all days, order by recent

x improve dev exp. edit files locally and it goes to react app

x cron job - how? and do the copy to next day at midnight
    INSERT INTO daily_todos (user_id, title, type, date, status, goal, created_at, updated_at)
    SELECT user_id, title, type, '2024-06-18', 0, goal, NOW(), NOW()
    FROM daily_todos 
    WHERE date = '2024-06-17';

x set timezone on database/golang so times are what i want
    save in db per user. 

x typography styling 
---

x style the todos
    x shift the day to outside todos, so todos box can be centered

---

x yes/no - change it to quantity goal 1. makes everything the same and simple
    x remove db column for type

x NEXT FRIDAY JUN 21 - make the preview look exactly like the todo would look like. so the user understands what they are adding. then they can edit/submit
x change UI to do that too. default 1 check box. or allow multiple checkboxes in a select dropdown
    x how many checkboxes do you want for this todo?
        1
        12

        input field: eat breakfast
        select dropdown, 1 checkboxes

x style of the form
    x disable button if fields not filled in

---
enter your mission goals vision
    save to db. save to files, and send to ai
    profile page / account settings page
        raza link, right side, daily todos
            links to profile page

profile page
    change timezone
    enter your mission
    logout

each todo is a link, and pops up a modal
    show context - is this editing just this 1 todo for this day? or all todos?
    edit why this is important to your mission
    delete
    edit title
    edit goal number

bg info - why each todo is relevant to your goals, mission, vision
    ai can use this

enter notes next to todo items, like oh flying day couldn't hit gym. eid day couldn't do gym. etc

every user gets their own ai agent
    ai encouragement daily
    send you cool youtube videos - of people like kobe
    enforce your vision
    great job 7 day streak
    tune ai to be useful
    ai reads your mission, goals, why each item is important to you/your mission. sees your progress (has tools to fetch your history, he can search any day of the past to see what you've done)
        youtube api app to find you cool videos relevant to you

    ai suggests new todos for you. whatever daily habits it thinks will help you achieve your mission in life.

maybe you just want to chat with someone daily about your mission/goals, what you did that day to further your mission/goals, challenges. hash out your thinking. etc. bounce ideas.
    and the ai sees you putting in work, knows you, your mission, your daily habits, what you did every day, what you couldn't fit it, obstacles etc.
    ai's mission is to be an unrelenting optimistic force in Raza's life to help him achieve his mission and goals. live healthy forever, and do focused creative work for 6 hours a day forever.

tell agent you want a new kanye quote daily. hormozi quote daily. new motivational yt vid daily.

daily journal - enter text. ai uses that too.

---
NEXT june 26th 2024
    x figure out how to stream it to react
        x learn yield, generate, stream_with_context
        how to use streaming api on assistant that calls custom functions. event hander. not the easiest thing, worth it to figure it out.
            x i could make a non web app python class to build up a get_completion streaming. stream to std out. then move it into the web app after testing

            on_message_done
                has the full message once it is done

            on_text_created
                streams the text in, nice. can yield this to caller

    x react put it in 3rd column

    python save full response to db. react fetch from db, unless it's a new day, then generate a new message

    user-mission, return most recent 7 days of ai encouragement, so ai know what it said before and can come up w new shit
    
    x make user-mission only return days before current day, otherwise ai is critiquing day that just started - annoying.

    use raza.mobin api key, and gpt3.5 and get some cc charges so i can get access to gpt4o

    the thread could cause issues if it sees incomplete day 11 in the morning, then complete day 11 in the evening, it thinks you haven't done much because incomplete is in the convo thread :(
        prompting would help. use the highest stats for day 11. sometimes multiple day 11s when you hit get user mission multiple times per day
        finalize previous day before make ai request on new day
        reflect on it. what was good, what could be improved
---

edit todos - like change meds 1 to quantity with goal 3
    only current day

delete a todo
    only current day

easier way to increment/decrement a todo? checkboxes can be small and hard to hit sometimes

functions
    edit the todo 
        title text
        goal # per day
    delete the todo
    increment the todo (check next checkbox)
    decrement the todo (uncheck the latest checkbox)
    edit why it's relevant to mission/goals (high level)
    edit current day's notes on that todo (low level day to day)

hover over a todo - then you can edit
    name
    relevance to mission/goals

strikethrough when 3 / 3, 1 / 1 etc
---

allow sign up

allow login/logout

show current time and timezone on UI, and let user change timezone

---

can update yday, but not before yday

---

allow user to reorder their todo list as they like, save that state and keep it on copy

---

reflect on the day - good, could improve upon. what are you grateful for.
    it's time to reflect
    ai turns off your laptop lol, and you have to reflect
    ai runs your life, but you tell it how to run your life, and you also achieve all your goals. and you can always tell it to stop today. go to sleep ai, we'll pick it up another day
        every half hour
        less emotional human decisions. robotic ai sets the intention for each half hour, you just execute
            and allow for breaks. and allow for unexpected things, surprises, etc

morning - how was your sleep?
    6 hr straight, deep
    enema last night, and kinda diareah stomach discomfort 2-3 hrs after dinner

hello raza greeting, it's 10:51pm. for any time related things, show a message. close your laptop in 10 min :)
    every time you hit the site, AI has something for you :D
        knows your goals, knows your past days activities, knows your actions today
        has memory of notable events, and references them

labels for each todo 0 / 1, 3 / 12
    color code 1 / 1 is green. 0 / 1 red. 2 / 3 yellow. etc.
        only for current day
---
next / previous. pagination.

infinite scroll?

specific url for any date, can immediately go back.

specific url for any date/date range

---
x make it look good, work good

x hook up ai
    https://capture.dropbox.com/KkgR9k9X8YZmOgiy
    {
      "message": "Hey, amazing soul! 🌟\n\nYour mission to do creative work for 6 hours a day and live healthily forever is truly inspiring! You've got such a beautiful and powerful goal. Look at all the progress you've made recently:\n\n- You've been consistently nailing your breakfast timing and ensuring you have three proper meals daily. What a champion move towards a healthier lifestyle!\n- Your dedication to taking your meds on time is fantastic. It's all about those small steps adding up!\n- You've been making excellent use of your focused 25-minute timers. Crushing 10 out of 12 today is no small feat!\n- Even the little things, like running your system flush and using blue blockers at 8 PM, show your commitment to your health and well-being. Outstanding!\n\nSome of your tasks may not always get completed every day, but remember, every step forward is progress. The gym can wait a day, but your perseverance shows you're not giving up!\n\nKeep pushing, keep shining, and remember that every small victory is a step closer to your ultimate mission. You’ve got this! 💪🌈",
      "resume_thread": true,
      "thread_id": "thread_NC8D8ml5XvKLz2QXwfxyjP72"
    }

deploy to prod 

    put secrets in github secrets
        fetch from there too

    mysql db
    golang app
    python app
    react app/css

    aws 
        aws lambda?

    github actions

    deploy to qa

better logging of python, ai steps. centralized logging

add user signup/login

add public viewing of my daily todos and what ai said to me. so save ai stuff to my db. we can surface w/o making api call
    convo history is with open ai?
    can share public url with skool
    allow skool to add daily todos as a sandbox user save by cookie, that's a user

---
my life's mission is to do creative work 6 hours a day and live healthy forever
    put that at the top of your todo page
